Add tutorials for neow3j (#6)
neo-project/neo-dev-portal: tutorials/neow3j-nep17/index.md

### Imports

The imports show the neow3j devpack classes that are used in the example contract. Check out neow3j devpack's [javadoc](https://javadoc.io/doc/io.neow3j/devpack/latest/index.html) for a full overview of classes and methods that are supported.

```java
package io.neow3j.examples.contractdevelopment.contracts;

import static io.neow3j.devpack.StringLiteralHelper.addressToScriptHash;

import io.neow3j.devpack.ByteString;
import io.neow3j.devpack.Contract;
import io.neow3j.devpack.Hash160;
import io.neow3j.devpack.Runtime;
import io.neow3j.devpack.Storage;
import io.neow3j.devpack.StorageContext;
import io.neow3j.devpack.StorageMap;
import io.neow3j.devpack.annotations.DisplayName;
import io.neow3j.devpack.annotations.ManifestExtra;
import io.neow3j.devpack.annotations.OnDeployment;
import io.neow3j.devpack.annotations.Permission;
import io.neow3j.devpack.annotations.SupportedStandards;
import io.neow3j.devpack.constants.CallFlags;
import io.neow3j.devpack.constants.NativeContract;
import io.neow3j.devpack.contracts.ContractManagement;
import io.neow3j.devpack.events.Event3Args;
```

### Contract-specific Information

> Annotations on top of the contract's class represent contract-specific information. The following annotations can be used for a contract:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotations on top of the contract's class represent contract-specific information. The following annotations can be used in a smart contract:
```

_`@DisplayName`_

> Specifies the contract's name. If this annotation is not present, the class name is used for the contrat's name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the contract's name. If this annotation is not present, the class name is used for the contract's name.
```

_`@ManifestExtra`_

Adds the provided key-value pair information in the manifest's `extra` field. You can also use `@ManifestsExtras` to gather multiple `@ManifestExtra` annotations (results in the same as when using single `@ManifestExtra` annotations).

_`@SupportedStandards`_

Sets the `supportedStandards` field in the manifest.

_`@Permission`_

> Specifies, what other contracts and which methods it is allowed to call. By default (i.e., if no permission annotation is set), the contract is not allowed to call any contract. Use `contract = ` to specify what contracts and `methods = ` to specify what methods are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies which third-party contracts and methods the smart contract is allowed to call. By default (i.e., if no permission annotation is set) the contract is not allowed to call any contract. Use `contract = ` and `methods = ` to specify, respectively, which contracts and methods are allowed.
```

Reviewer: If the same English construction is used for the NEP-11 article, please update there also.

_For example, if you want to allow transferring NEO tokens from the contract, you can add the annotation `@Permission(nativeContract = NativeContract.NeoToken, methods = "transfer")`._

```java
@DisplayName("AxLabsToken")
@ManifestExtra(key = "author", value = "AxLabs")
@SupportedStandards("NEP-17")
@Permission(nativeContract = NativeContract.ContractManagement)
public class FungibleToken {
```

### Constants

You can set a constant value for the contract by using `final` variables. These values are always loaded when the contract is called and cannot be changed once the contract is deployed.

> > Note: The owner of this NEP-17 example contract is fixed (i.e., it is a `final` variable). If you intend to provide a functionality to change such a variable, you should not store it as a `final` variable. Rather, you would store it as a value in the storage, that you then can change through a method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The contract owner of this example contract is fixed (i.e., it is a `final` variable). If you intend to provide a way to change such a variable, you should not store it as a `final` variable. Rather, you would store it as a value in the storage, which provides the possibility to be modified through a method.
```

-

> Note: All contract constants and all methods have to be `static` (since the object-orientation of the JVM is different on the NeoVM).

-

```java
    static final Hash160 owner = addressToScriptHash("NM7Aky765FG8NhhwtxjXRx7jEL1cnw7PBP");

    static final int decimals = 2;
    static final byte[] totalSupplyKey = new byte[]{0x00};
    static final StorageContext ctx = Storage.getStorageContext();
    static final StorageMap assetMap = new StorageMap(ctx, new byte[]{0x01});
```

### NEP-17 Methods

> The required NEP-17 methods are implemented in the following. If a method does not change the state of the contract (i.e., it is just used for reading), it can be annotated with the `@Safe` annotation. Out of the NEP-17 methods, only the `transfer` method should be writing to the contract and is thus not annotated as safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required NEP-17 methods are implemented as follows. If a method does not change the state of the contract (i.e., it is just used for reading), it can be annotated with the `@Safe` annotation. Out of the NEP-17 methods, only the `transfer` method should be writing to the contract and is thus not annotated as safe.
```

> > Note: Java's `assert` statement is used in neow3j to throw exceptions on the NeoVM. Thus, there is no need of using an `if` statement with a followed `throw new Exception()` statement. Although, it may still be used like that. It is up to the developer's preference, as it results in the exact same NeoVM code once compiled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Java's `assert` statement is used in neow3j to throw exceptions on the NeoVM. Thus, there is no need of using an `if` statement with a followed `throw new Exception()` statement. Although, it may still be used like that. It is up to the developer to go either way, as it results in the exact same NeoVM code once compiled.
```
